Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The ability to take a joke,not make one, proves that you have a sense of humor. ?
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.?
If you do not leave me we will die together.
If you love life, life will love you back.
Every noble work is at first impossible.
Wisdom outweighs any wealth.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Love's a malady without a cure.?
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Perfection'snot attainable, but if we chase it we can catch excellence.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
If you want to find the true meaning of life, take a trip to Tibet.
Whether you meet me or not/ I'm right there/ Neither sad nor glad
Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
I only wish to face the sea, with spring flowers blossoming.
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, not an opportunity.
The secret of getting ahead, is getting started.
When ambition ends, happiness begins. ?
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. ?
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Smile, it's free therapy.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
It's during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. ?

Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
No matter how far you may fly, never forget where you come from.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.?
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Where there is life, there is hope.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
A candle lights others and consumes itself.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
A life without a friend is a life without a sun.
Deep rivers move in silence, shallow brooks are noisy.
A good healthy body is worth more a crown in gold.
Beauty is truth, truth is beauty.
Friendship is love with understanding.
True mastery of any skill takes a lifetime.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get+

With the wonder of your love, the sun above always shines.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.























































































When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like: "If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right." It made an impression on me, and since then, )for the past 33 years, I looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool that I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything ¨C all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7: 30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn't even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months. My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctor's code for prepare to die. It means to try and tell your kids everything you thought you'd have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes.